oh sure she may very well be gifted a
painting but photography requires a
whole new set of skills and something
that takes a long time we truly believe
in a leaders talent even in photography
she's got special ability to sense the
color I feel conformal photography I
leave it started painting before she had
even turned one year old she's only five
years old how's it possible most of the
time leaders just like any other five
year old or picture of Nedao school but
quite often when she starts using colors
she sort of becomes a different person
she comes becomes very engrossed in what
she's doing she loves to experiment with
color and with different media people
treat horses a real horses so badly that
even sometimes they die treat the horse
well like their mother treats them then
um the horse will never ever dive the
creativity is endless where on earth
does she get her inspirations I get
inspiration from the most beautiful
creatures in the world dinosaurs
unicorns dreamies Pegasus flutter ponies
and everything I can see it's so hard
painting their great picture but it's so
easy to take your photo wow that's
pretty interesting in wild here and the
gripe water industries the breaks out in
the mountains beautiful look the world
of elitist art is marvelous yesterday
when I discussed her photos with her she
has really strong philosophy on
fare well aletta is considered a
creative genius I shouldn't have been so
worried before she's obviously very
talented there's a a structure that's
translating from her paintings to a
photography that's just beautiful
composition
this is horny around